{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sa300\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb200\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb100\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs28 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\tx720\li720\sb100\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\tx720\li720\sb100\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\tx720\li720\sb100\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\tx720\li720\sb100\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\tx720\li720\sb100\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 8;}{\s9\tx720\li720\sb100\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \b\caps\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 1;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \scaps\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 2;}{\s17\tx200\li200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 3;}{\s18\tx400\li400\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs18 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 4;}{\s19\tx600\li600\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs18 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 5;}{\s20\tx800\li800\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs18 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 6;}{\s21\tx1000\li1000\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs18 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 7;}{\s22\tx1200\li1200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs18 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 8;}{\s23\tx1400\li1400\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs18 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd toc 9;}{\s24\fi-200\tx200\li200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 1;}{\s25\tx720\li720\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext29 index heading;}{\s26\fi-200\tx400\li400\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 2;}{\s27\fi-200\tx600\li600\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 3;}{\s28\fi-200\tx800\li800\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 4;}{\s29\fi-200\tx1000\li1000\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 5;}{\s30\fi-200\tx1200\li1200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 6;}{\s31\fi-200\tx1400\li1400\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 7;}{\s32\fi-200\tx1600\li1600\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 8;}{\s33\fi-200\tx1800\li1800\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \sautoupd index 9;}{\s34\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext34 footer;}{\*\cs35 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s36\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext36 footnote text;}{\*\cs37 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\title TourWin Cycle Program Help File }{\subject Converted from TOURWIN.HLP by Help-to-Word }{\author Blue Sky Software Help-to-Word}{\doccomm The version number of this converted HLP file is 3.1 (BlockType:None PhraseType:None). }{\operator Mark Ormesher}{\creatim\yr2000\mo5\dy23\hr20\min22}{\revtim\yr2000\mo5\dy23\hr20\min22}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords914}{\nofchars5210}{\*\company TourWin Software Inc}{\nofcharsws6398}{\vern89}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0{\*\template D:\\PROGRA~1\\ROBOHE~1\\HLP2WORD\\h2d200.dot}\sectd \psz1\txnex0\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\footer \pard\plain \s34\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pvpara\phmrg\posxo\posy0\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs35 PAGE  }}{\fldrslt {\cs35\lang1024 7}}}{\cs35 
\par }\pard \s34\fi360\tx720\li720\ri360\sa200\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright {
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\fs28 Table of Contents
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \scaps\fs20 {\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\fs28  TOC \\o }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 TourWin Cycle Help program\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PAGEREF _Toc483746893 \\h }{\lang1024 {\*\datafield 08d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000080000000e0000005f0054006f0063003400380033003700340036003800390033000000}}}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 2}}}{\lang1024 
\par TourWin overview\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PAGEREF _Toc483746894 \\h }{\lang1024 {\*\datafield 08d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000080000000e0000005f0054006f0063003400380033003700340036003800390034000000}}}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 2}}}{\lang1024 
\par Special features listing\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang1024  PAGEREF _Toc483746895 \\h }{\lang1024 {\*\datafield 08d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000080000000e0000005f0054006f0063003400380033003700340036003800390035000000}}}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 2}}}{\lang1024 
\par }\pard\plain \qc\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 }}\pard\plain \qc\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\fs28 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb200\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f1\fs36 {\page 
\par TourWin Cycle Help program
\par }\pard\plain \tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sa300\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs36 {\page }{\cs37\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s36\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs37\super #}{ Introduction_}}}{ }{\cs37\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s36\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs37\super $}{ Introduction:}}}{ }{\cs37\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s36\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs37\super +}{ TOURWIN:0}}}{ }{\cs37\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s36\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs37\super K}{ Introduction}}}{ Introduction:
\par }\pard\plain \tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par 
\par \tab I welcome all atheletes to use this program to aid them in reaching their personnel best, after all the love of compation is best on ....
\par }\pard \sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\i\fs22 
\par }\pard \tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\i\fs22 Purpose of Application:}{\b\i 
\par }{
\par This application was first created to solve a problem. The problem was after several years of improved atheltic performance my performance began to platoe. It was not out of a lack of training, in the contray one of the many reasons why atheles fail to improve is because of overtraining. The developer of the program does not claim to be an expert in athethletic performance, but I do know what works best for me and that is to sticking to a training schedule which provides for both training and rest days. 
\par 
\par So the purpose of this program is to aid the athelete in reaching their personnel best performance when it counts the most. Whether your goal is to jog in your town's local 10 KM fun race or compete at an international level, your maxumin performance can be obtain with careful training, eating and resting. To that end Tourwin offers the following features to help reach your personnel best.
\par }{\b\i\fs22 
\par Peak Scheduler Module:}{
\par 
\par \tab The peak scheduler is used to create your training schedule. It offers the ability to create an unlimited number of training schedule with each scheduled limited to one hundred and eight days. See "Creating a Peak Schedule" for information on how to create a schedule. 
\par 
\par Example:
\par \tab I am lucky that I live in Vancouver, British Columbia for the weather allows me to cycle nearly 12 months a year, provided one has good winter equipment like gloves, boots, rain jacket and bike fender. Bike fender you say, don't laugh, a good set of bike fender, properly fitted for your bike makes riding in the rain enjoyable, well that may be over stating the fact, but fenders help you and your riding buddies keep dryer. But I digress.
\par 
\par \tab Every January or Februay, I received the local cycling schedule and start plainning for the first race of the season, and this is where the Peak Schedule comes in to play. Though my seasons goal is for peak performance in July, the goal for the first race of the season is get into the best condition possible. So I create two types of peak schedules, the first which I'll call }{\i Three Month Cycle }{is a schedule which outlines which days are for training and which days are for rest. The second schedule is a }{\i Seven Day }{Schedule}{\i  }{and outlines the actual training from Monday to Sunday. The }{\i Seven Day }{Schedule}{\i  }{has Monday as a rest day with Tuesday as a day of intervals, Wednesday is a day of over-distance training with Thursday for hill work and Saturday and Sunday as group rides. Once the schedules are create, the next step is to assign the to a duration of time. That is to say, which day ends the }{\i Three Month Cycle}{  and }{\i Seven Day }{Schedules and this is where the calendar comes into play.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs22 Events Calender Module:}{
\par }{\b\i\fs22 
\par }{\fs22 \tab }{The Events Calendar is used to view existing and add new schedules. The Event calendar lists all the days for a given year and allows for three type of events and 9 different calendars for each event type.
\par 
\par The first type of event is Peak Event. When the "Peak" event type is selected from the event type combo box and the "Begin Calendar" menu is selected, all peak event for the given page and year are displayed. As outlined above, ensure that I train on the training days and rest on the rest days, double click the day inwhich the schedule is to end and enter the desired schedule. The peak schedule will be applied to the selected day backwards.
\par 
\par The second type of event is the "Contact" event type. Use the contacts module as well as the calendar to keep track of race information. Enter the race organizers information the Contacts module and view all season races at once by setting the event type option to "Contact" and click the "Begin Calendar" menu for a list of all race events.
\par 
\par The third type of event is the "Daily" event type. By selecting the "Daily" option from the event type combo box, one can see their daily activity for a give year. The actual daily enter are enter when you fill in the Day Type option found in the }{\i Daily Module.
\par }{\i\fs22 
\par }{\b\i\fs22 Daily Module:}{
\par }{\b\i\fs22 
\par \tab }{\fs22 The Daily Module is used to input daily training data and display the current days peak training schedule. On a daily basis, the user would enter their training data like, daily mileage, hours of training with duration spent in individual heart rate duration categories, morning heart rate, hours of sleep, weight and day type. There is allow a memo field which allows for entering daily journal.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs22 Graph Module:
\par }{
\par \tab The Graph Module, second icon from the left on the toolbar, allows the user to graph information from the daily data. Graph can be made in pie, bar or line style for either morning heart rate, daily mileage or weight data.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs22 Contacts Module:}{
\par 
\par \tab The Contact Module, third icon from the left on the toolbar, offers the user the ability to enter contact information. Enter information from your favorite bike store to the contact persons information for an upcoming race. The contact information can then be reference in the calendar module. When you create and event record in the Calendar Module, the contact information is retrieve from the Contacts Module.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs22 Reports:}{
\par 
\par \tab From the Tools->Reports menu the user can choose from seven predefined reports. These reports allow reporting on all Tourwin data.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs22 SetUp:
\par 
\par }{\tab The SetUp menu leads to all set options. From setuping heart rate levels to event names all setup features are found under the setup menu.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs22 Peak Scheduler Module:}{
\par 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright {\pard\plain \keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright \b\v\f11\fs20 {\xe {\b\f11 Contents}}}{\fs18\cf1 
{\v0\par\v}}\pard \nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright {\fs18\cf1 
\par Quick overview of }{\fs18\cf11 TourWin basics}{\fs18\cf1 , intended purpose of program.
\par 
\par Listing of }{\fs18\cf11 special features}{\fs18\cf1  and how to setup listings.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb200\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f1\fs36 {
\par TourWin overview
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright \b\v\f11\fs20 {\xe {\b\f11 overview}}}{\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright \b\v\f11\fs20 {\xe {\b\f11 purpose of program}}}{\fs18\cf1 
{\v0\par\v}\tab As a ride myself, I found, in order to systematically improve perform, I need a way of tracking rest days, hard days, race days. 
{\v0\par\v}
{\v0\par\v}}\pard\plain \s2\sb200\sa200\sl240\slmult0\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f1\fs36 {
\par Special features listing
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright \b\v\f11\fs20 {\xe {\b\f11 Special features listing}}}{\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx0\adjustright \b\v\f11\fs20 {\xe {\b\f11 system setup}}}{\fs18\cf1 
{\v0\par\v}}{\f3\fs18\cf1 \'b7}{\fs18\cf1  Creating race, training schedule.
\par 
\par \page 
\par }\pard \qc\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 Index
\par }\pard\plain \s25\tx720\li720\sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \b\i\fs20 {\field{\*\fldinst {\fs28  INDEX \\e "\tab " \\h "A" }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 C}{\b0\lang1024 
\par }\pard\plain \s24\fi-200\tx200\li200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \fs20 {\b\f11\lang1024 Contents}{\lang1024 \tab 2
\par }\pard\plain \s25\tx720\li720\sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \b\i\fs20 {\lang1024 O}{\b0\lang1024 
\par }\pard\plain \s24\fi-200\tx200\li200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \fs20 {\b\f11\lang1024 overview}{\lang1024 \tab 2
\par }\pard\plain \s25\tx720\li720\sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \b\i\fs20 {\lang1024 P}{\b0\lang1024 
\par }\pard\plain \s24\fi-200\tx200\li200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \fs20 {\b\f11\lang1024 purpose of program}{\lang1024 \tab 2
\par }\pard\plain \s25\tx720\li720\sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \b\i\fs20 {\lang1024 S}{\b0\lang1024 
\par }\pard\plain \s24\fi-200\tx200\li200\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8630\adjustright \fs20 {\b\f11\lang1024 Special features listing}{\lang1024 \tab 2
\par }{\b\f11\lang1024 system setup}{\lang1024 \tab 2
\par }\pard\plain \qc\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 }}\pard\plain \qc\tx720\li720\sa200\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\fs28 
\par }}